Samantha.scaglione/intelligent correlation updates (#26639)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_management/events/correlation/intelligent.md

  text: "Learn about triaging and notifiying on cases"
---

## Overview

Intelligent Correlation uses a Machine Learning modeling approach. It automatically correlates Datadog Monitor events on your behalf, using underlying telemetry gathered within Datadog, and other heuristics.
## Preview Intelligent Correlation

To get started:
1. Navigate to the [Correlation Settings][1] page, and click [Preview Cases][2]. 
1. From there you can preview the intelligent correlations that are created from your organization.

{{< img src="service_management/events/correlation/intelligent/intelligent_config_updated.png" alt="Configure intelligent correlation" style="width:100%;" >}}

## Receiving your first case

{{< img src="service_management/events/correlation/intelligent/intelligent_project.png" alt="Event Management - Intelligent Correlation" style="width:100%;" >}}

> When you navigate to [Event Correlations][3], find a project called **Intelligent Correlation**. From this project, you can see thecases created by Intelligent Correlation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you navigate to [Event Correlations][3], find a project called **Intelligent Correlation**. From this project, you can see the cases created by Intelligent Correlation. 
```
